Hurry up or I'll complain to you right now.
Can't you?
I can't fight Mr. Dragon.
Mr. Long will be backed by a dragon
I dare not Xu Shoufu
I beg you to let me go
Are you scared confused?
Manager, how could he possibly know the Dragon Guard?
I really didn't lie.
Oh, I see.
Haha, are you brave?
How dare you pretend to be the relatives of the Dragon Guard?
My dad is awesome
My dad really knew the Dragon Guard
Shut up, the little brat dares to interject Yueyue
Are you okay? You dare to hit my daughter?
How dare you hit my husband?
You have to call the shots for me
Long Jingtian, do you really think that I
Xi Zhengye can't do anything about you
Apologize to my daughter right now
I won't let you go
Haha, do you think I will be scared by you?
Wife go
Slap this little brat again
I'd like to see it today
Hit him, what can he do?